Time-stamp: <97/06/11 08:05:25 wightman>
Version: 0.0alpha6

INFORMATION
===========

See the file NOTICE for copyright and distribution information.

This is version 0.0alpha6 of Brian Wightman's <wightman@acm.org> qmail
queue maintenance program set.  Currently the only function present in
the program set is a delay notification program.  This program handles
delay notification in a fairly configurable manner, allowing the queue
maintainer to set notification times and messages.

For this to work (as currently written), a slight addition to the
queue directory needs to be made.  The directory "state" is added to
the queue directory so that this program can keep some information
about the messages between runs.

I currently run this program every hour (see the crontab file for more
information).  It could be run more or less frequently depending on
the needs of the site.  However, at this time queue locking is not
done, so if you run this program often, you could get a collision.


INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
=========================

To install this package, go to one of the following locations, read
the informational document, and download the program:

	http://www.uwosh.edu/faculty_staff/wightman/bouncer/

Next, unpack the distribution into a temporary directory.

	% gzip -dc qmail_bounce-0.0alpha6.tar.gz | tar xvf -

Change directories into qmail_bounce-0.0alpha6

	% cd qmail_bounce-0.0alpha6

Edit the Makefile and set the location variables appropriately.

	% vi Makefile

Edit the bounce schedule in scanner.perl.  Make sure to reflect the
schedule in both @bouncetimes and @bouncewords.  The first entry for
each of these arrays is 0 - it is basically used to make the program
logic easier.

	% vi scanner.perl

Pre-process the scripts to set any internal variables

	% make

Install the program

	% /bin/su
	# make install
	# exit

Install the cron job (this goes into the cron entry for qmails).  See
the crontab file for suggested use.

	% /bin/su
	# crontab -e qmails

That's it.  At this time there are no pre-installation tests.

If you have any problems, comments, suggestions, etc. feel free to
contact me at wightman@acm.org.  I may not be able to answer you
immediately (stuff that pays the bills comes first), but I will do my
best to get back to you.


